Add --cache-dir option for the URDF->MJCF generation script (#208)
ros-controls/mujoco_ros2_control: mujoco_ros2_control/docs/tools.rst

     -a ASSET_DIR, --asset_dir ASSET_DIR
                           Optionally pass an existing folder with pre-generated OBJ meshes. (default: None)
     --scene SCENE         Optionally pass an existing xml for the scene (default: None)

>      --cache-dir CACHE_DIR

Reviewer: I recognize this is weird but every other arg is doing it...

```suggestion
     --cache_dir CACHE_DIR
```

                           Optionally pass a directory containing a previously generated MJCF. If it already holds the necessary
                           information, the conversion is skipped and the cached MJCF is read and published/copied directly
                           instead of being regenerated. (default: None)

> A cache directory is considered complete when it contains a non-empty

Reviewer: Depending on the problem you guys are trying to solve, have you used `--assets_dir`? This is provided to reused existing converted mesh files to save on the conversions.

E.g. for CLR: https://github.com/NASA-JSC-Robotics/chonkur_l_raile/blob/jazzy-devel/clr_mujoco_config/launch/clr_mujoco.launch.py#L100, 

This has the advantage of still using the conversion, but not running `obj2mjcf` on anything that already has its mesh files in the provided `assets/` directory. So we can still add little things on the fly or tweak our URDFs, and end up with a changed scene without having to run everything.

Would that be sufficient for what you need? It doesn't have the converted `xml` but that portion is fast enough that we generally don't care.

Alternatively, the sim drivers also still supporting loading a pre-generated model from file, which we added a [conditional](https://github.com/NASA-JSC-Robotics/chonkur_l_raile/blob/jazzy-devel/clr_mujoco_config/launch/clr_mujoco.launch.py#L124) to our xacro to support. So I think one way to "cache" everything would be to use that and just point to the generated assets directory?

Author: @eholum-nasa the issue we are having is not at level of the `--asset-dir` for obj regeneration but more about the final modifications we had to do in the regenerated mjcf file. The main thing was having the capsules at the feet for our robots. 

Atleast this should help for the time being, unless we have a way to replace the MuJoCo collisions properly. 

The `--cache-dir` mainly looks for the existing mjcf file inside the folder

Reviewer: Ah, I get it. And I assume you want it to be automatic so that you don't have to manually specify from a launch file (which is what we do)?

FWIW We basically save away our scenes with manual modifications, and then have a launch arg / xacro argument that configures the HW interface to load a scene file from disk, rather than publishing. Could something similar here if that would cover your use case? 

I just worry that this will be a little confusing, but maybe that's down to the name of `--cache-dir` and `--asset_dir` (which we should standardize those args underscore vs dash)...

`--asset_dir` uses regenerated assets if they are available to skip obj decomposition

`--cache-dir` basically says here's where everything lives just use that? If I'm reading this correctly? 

I think the concern, from a users perspective, is that it doesn't really check if the URDF has changed or if things should be regenerated (ie, if the cache is stale), but I'm not sure if there's a simple way to programmatically check that. 

All that to say maybe calling it something more specific like `--pregenerated_mjcf` might be more descriptive?

Author: I understand that forwarding the args is better, but it is making our URDF complicated time to time, that's why I think it is better to add this arg for the timebeing until we ad support and then maybe we can remove it?

I tried to use the robot_state_publisher, but then it was creating other issues

``mujoco_description_formatted.xml`` together with the ``assets`` directory that the

> MJCF references (i.e. the output of a previous ``--save_only`` run). When ``--cache-dir``
> points at such a directory, the expensive mesh conversion / ``obj2mjcf`` step is skipped:
> the cached MJCF is published on ``--publish_topic`` and/or copied into ``--output`` when

Reviewer: That and I think I was thrown off by the wording - 

```suggestion
MJCF references (i.e. the output of a previous ``--save_only`` run). When ``--cache-dir``
points at such a directory, the conversion pipeline is skipped, and the previously generated
MJCF is published on ``--publish_topic`` and/or copied into ``--output`` when
```
